 Feb , 3, 2026 course start
 
Affiliate  marketing course/ beginner  / 2026 
  
About me - Joe George 

 - Been in digital marketing industry since 2013

-   Own the award winning SEO agency in the 
  Uk  called clikSlice

  Learn: Affiliate marketing topics

- affiliate marketing basics
Affiliate marketing programs
 - niche research
- Traffic generation strategies you can use
- Domaining and initial set up
- Expiring domains
- Keyword research
 - Silo structure and topical relevance
- one of favorite parts in course . Content creation
- Website building 
- optimize SEO - for your website
- Link building 
- Track progress
- email marketing section we will cover
- Generate affiliate sales without a website or 
	website/ emaillist 

 Without further ado , let’s dive into the first section.

              Course:    What to expect: 

       Before we dive into the main 
	content of this course. We need to go through 
	one thing very quiikly and get it out of the way.

      This course is made by someone who literally 
	Lives and breath affiliate marketing every single
 	week. 

     How would you rate this course , udemy has a
	tendency to ask people, how would they rate
	this course right at the this part of the course.


      Word of warning : caution- must   
           read 

Word of warning
The next couple of sections are focused on the fundamentals of affiliate marketing, how it works, and the most popular affiliate marketing programs you can join.  If you already have Affiliate marketing experience and understand the basics then you may want to skip these sections and move straight onto Section 5 which is "Niche Research".

  Affiliate marketing basics 

   Chapter 5.  
   What you and me are going to go
	over , cover in the next section. 

- What is affiliate marketing and how it works ?

 -Affiliate marketing income potential 

- Affiliate income - real world data

  
  But essentially the more time you have to invest
  The  more money / income you can generate.

  Lastly , to wrap up the basic section of this
	course., affiliate marketing glossary.

  Alright  , so without further ado . Let get started.


 Chapter 6
          What is Affiliate marketing?

   Alright. Affiliate marketing Is the process of receiving
	payment after you promote a product / service on
	behalf of another business .

     I always say the best way to think of it, is to see 
	yourself as a sales person who earns a commission
	on every sale they make.  
      The difference here is that as a marketer, you don’t work  
     directly for the company. In layman terms, you make 
	money by sending your audience towards. 
	        
	Chapter 7 
     Affiliate income potential 

      “ How much money you can make from affiate
      	marketing?”

        “ Or …. How long can it take for a person to 
            Earn up to $500 per month?”


      A common question , most people asked about affiliate
	marketing. One example is , how much can you earn
	in income from affiliate marketing?

     How much effort, time, and money you put aside 
     Into affiliate marketing , that is creating an 
       Affilae link ?

	“ if you only , only just put 5 minutes every day
    	you are not going to do much” 
 

       - Some affiliate earn as much as 100.00 a month
	, while other can earn as much as 100k /monthly

       However, if you can , create a decent plan with
	and  will invest the energy and time necessary , then 
	 you the individual can generate  a generous
	amount of cash flow. 
    
    	And this is not an exaggeration , what so ever.  

    So the entire idea is if you get down, understand the idea , 
	how affiliate marketing , you can build multiple websites.
    And have , create multiple income streams

     This example is to give you an idea , some context.

     A person could make a decent amount of cash flow,
	if you do affiliate marketing   correctly , the right 
 	and proper way. 

    Just to give this example some more context, on the 
	other hand we want to know how long will this take. 
  
     We will spend at least 3 to 4 hours every day, while 
	working on this marketing , focusing on working , 
   	pllanning for this. 
   
  Chapter 8
     Affiliate income -  real world case scenario 

      
